Add opentelemetry to base clients (#227)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: README.md

- `include_comments` (defaults to `"stable"`) - option which sets content of comments included at the top of every generated file. Valid choices are: `"none"` (no comments), `"timestamp"` (comment with generation timestamp), `"stable"` (comment contains a message that this is a generated file)
- `convert_to_snake_case` (defaults to `true`) - a flag that specifies whether to convert fields and arguments names to snake case
- `async_client` (defaults to `true`) - default generated client is `async`, change this to option `false` to generate synchronous client instead

> - `telemetry_client` (defaults to `false`) - default base clients doesn't support opentelemetry, change this option to `true` to use base client with opentelemetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry_client` (defaults to `false`) - default base clients don't support any performance tracing. Change this option to `true` to use the base client with Open Telemetry support.
```

```

> ### Opentelemetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Open Telemetry
```

> When config option `telemetry_client` is set to `true` then default, included base clients support opt-in telemetry options. By default, it's disabled, but when the `opentelemetry-api` package is installed and the `tracer` argument is provided then the client will create spans with data about performed requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When config option `opentelemetry_client` is set to `true` then default, included base client is replaced with one that implements the opt-in Open Telemetry support. By default this support does nothing but when the `opentelemetry-api` package is installed and the `tracer` argument is provided then the client will create spans with data about performed requests.
```

> Telemetry arguments handled by `BaseClientOpenTelemetry`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing arguments handled by `BaseClientOpenTelemetry`:
```
